README.md, before:

Volume Cartographer Dependency Builder
======================================

CMake project to build Volume Cartographer dependencies.

Requirements
------------
 * Clang 3.4+ (Boost only)
 * C++ build system (e.g. Make or Ninja)
 * CMake 3.9+

Get The Source
--------------
```shell
git clone git@code.cs.uky.edu:seales-research/vc-deps.git
cd vc-deps/
```

Installation
------------
```shell
mkdir -p build/
cd build/
cmake ..
make -j
```
By default, dependencies will be installed into the `vc-deps/deps/` subdirectory. To install to a different location,
set the `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` CMake flag to your desired installation prefix.

Enable/Disable Libraries
------------------------
Building a particular dependency can be controlled with the `VCDEPS_BUILD_*` flags. For example, configuring CMake with the following flag will disable the `vc-deps` build of ITK:

```shell
cmake -DVCDEPS_BUILD_ITK=OFF ..
```

Note that certain libraries provided by this package are prerequisites to building other libraries in `vc-deps` (e.g. libtiff is needed to build ITK from source). If one of these prerequisite libraries is disabled, `vc-deps` will check the system path for an already installed replacement. If a compatible library is not found, the build will fail.

To see a full list of available build options, use `ccmake` or run:

```shell
cmake -L ..
```

Optional Arguments
------------------
Optionally, you can create Release/Debug builds and static/shared libraries by providing the corresponding CMake arguments:

```shell
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON ..
```

(macOS) Building Exiv2 with Native language support
---------------------------------------------------
On macOS, exiv2 is automatically built with NLS support if the `gettext` libraries are found. This package is not provided by either `vc-deps` or by Apple. The easiest way to install it is via Homebrew:

```shell
brew install gettext
```

If installed in this way, you must additionally tell `vc-deps` where to find the `gettext` libraries by setting the `CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH` variable:

```shell
cmake -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/usr/local/opt/gettext ..
```

Commit message:

Make PIC flag optional using CMake's flag and update documentation

README.md, after:

Volume Cartographer Dependency Builder
======================================

CMake project to build Volume Cartographer dependencies.

Requirements
------------
 * Clang 3.4+ (Boost only)
 * C++ build system (e.g. Make or Ninja)
 * CMake 3.9+

Get The Source
--------------
```shell
git clone git@code.cs.uky.edu:seales-research/vc-deps.git
cd vc-deps/
```

Installation
------------
```shell
mkdir -p build/
cd build/
cmake ..
make -j
```
By default, dependencies will be installed into the `vc-deps/deps/` subdirectory. To install to a different location,
set the `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` CMake flag to your desired installation prefix.

Enable/Disable Libraries
------------------------
Building a particular dependency can be controlled with the `VCDEPS_BUILD_*` flags. For example, configuring CMake with the following flag will disable the `vc-deps` build of ITK:

```shell
cmake -DVCDEPS_BUILD_ITK=OFF ..
```

Note that certain libraries provided by this package are prerequisites to building other libraries in `vc-deps` (e.g. libtiff is needed to build ITK from source). If one of these prerequisite libraries is disabled, `vc-deps` will check the system path for an already installed replacement. If a compatible library is not found, the build will fail.

To see a full list of available build options, use `ccmake` or run:

```shell
cmake -L ..
```

Build Types and Static or Shared Libraries
------------------------------------------
Optionally, you can create Release/Debug builds and static/shared libraries by providing the corresponding CMake arguments:

```shell
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON ..
```

Position Independent Code
-------------------------
To build libraries with position independent code (PIC), set the `CMAKE_POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE` flag:

```shell
cmake -DCMAKE_POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE=ON ..
```

PIC is `ON` by default when building shared libraries, so this flag will only affect static builds. This flag must be enabled to successfully link Volume Cartographer's Python bindings against statically built dependencies.

(macOS) Building Exiv2 with Native language support
---------------------------------------------------
On macOS, exiv2 is automatically built with NLS support if the `gettext` libraries are found. This package is not provided by either `vc-deps` or by Apple. The easiest way to install it is via Homebrew:

```shell
brew install gettext
```

If installed in this way, you must additionally tell `vc-deps` where to find the `gettext` libraries by setting the `CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH` variable:

```shell
cmake -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/usr/local/opt/gettext ..
```
